1. I think that this piece is both an art and a craft as it blends the imagination of the artist with her skill in producing and bringing said imagination to life. 
2. The artwork's dark theme and usage of weird drawing style where it blends multiple objects and subject caught my eye as its unique and its interesting how the artist made it  work.
3. Personally, the artwork invokes a sense of anger at the historical oppression within America. It also gives a sense of admiration toward the central figure that is potrayed as a strong, and hopeful figure perservering amidst chaos.
4. The artist likely wants to criticize America's history of oppression. The chained figure, crying baby, and person sleeping on the floor potrays the harsh reality and ongoing result of historical oppression. The woman as a central figure and the American flag behind it describes how despite the hardship, they are part of country.
5. To me, the art shows the story of a lineage of african-american, starting from slavery, to having freedom but still living under harsh conditions to finally integrating into American society.
6. I believe that AI with the right guidance and direction could produce a piece with equal meaning. I think that AI is incapable of imagining a message, but it is definitely capable of producing a product replicate a message if given the right tools and guidance.
7. Applying the concept of art and craft in software design for me is designing an architecture and imagining a solution to a problem as art and then creating the product as craft.
8. I think that software creation should be both art and craft but maybe lean more towards arts as in the age of AI I believe that the art of brainstorming ideas and imagining new design is more important then the actual knowledge of how to implement it. 
9. I usually ask myself how I can make the program run more efficiently and if there is any code that are redundant and can be discarded. I do sometimes re-factor and clean my code after working for ongoing project that I know I will revisit.